---
layout: post
title: What is the positive psychology?
---

This will tell you about transformation.what do I mean by that?You see most of education today is about information.
What is information?So we have a container, which is our mind.And information is about taking data, taking science, taking information
and putting it inside the form.That is information.Now when this form is filled, that’s when we are educated.More information, more data, better.

Not enough.Because it’s not just information that determines our well-being,our success, our self-esteem, our motivational level,
the relationship and the quality of our relationships.It’s much more than information.Transformation is about taking this form and changing it.Trans ,(which is) change, form ,(which is) shape.Change the form. This is transformation.
Information in and of itself is not enough.

Think about this example.
You go for an athletic meet.Your aim is to get into the top three, to be a medalist.You come in number eight.
What’s the analysis?What’s the interpretation? 
—Terrible.I just failed.You feel deflated, Enervated.
On the other hand, the exact same event.You came eight when you expected to be top three.You can interpret it as “Ok, so what have I learned? I need to work even harder.”
You become more energized. You learned from the experience.
In other words, the same objective information which is “I got eighth; I expected top three”. The same information, very different interpretation.One is a disaster, the other interpretation is an opportunity.One leads to loss of energy, the other one to increasing energy.

Or think about another very common example.
We know of many people around the world who seemingly have everything,who are doing well, who have more than they need. And yet they are unhappy.
And then there are people around the world who have very little.And yet they never cease, never stop to celebrate life. And we have another way around as well.
People who have everything and appreciate it and enjoy life.People who have very little and who see themselves as victim.

In other words, it’s not just the information that goes in.
It’s also the shape, the interpretation, the perception, the focus.And that is determined by the shape of the form.
The interpretation matters very often a lot more as we’ll see that the information that goes in.

happiness is much more contingent on our state of mind than our status or the status of our bank account.
And that’s where transformation comes in.And that’s why it’s so important for well-being.
In other words, what we’ll do is uncover potential that we have inside,that we have inside of us all along.
Maybe we just didn’t see.Or maybe it’s obscured by something or another.
We’ll uncover it so that we can utilize it, so that we can focus on it.so that we can perceive it.

It’s about chipping away the excess stone.It’s about getting rid of limitations of barriers,whether it’s the fear of failure. something that we didn’t have as kids.But today most people in our culture have it.It’s about chipping away perfectionism that is debilitating and often hurts us.
It’s about chipping away our ability for success, because maybe we are afraid of success. Maybe we feel guilty about some of the things that we have in our life, and that in turn limits us. Maybe it’s about chipping away the limitations on our relationships in which we don’t thrive within them.
“soul grows more by subtraction than by addition”,by getting rid of these limitations, 
limitations that are preventing us from fulfilling our potential.Because our potential is in there in nature.We talk a lot about human nature.

Knowledge is about information.Wisdom is about transformation.
